
## Add a link to the right path
We want to see the views we generated.
Let's edit the layout (app/views/layouts/application.html.erb), and add a list item:
```html
<li>
  <%= link_to 'Transmissions admin', transmissions_path %>
</li>
```
`link_to` is a helper that creates an `a` element.
Thanks to rails magic (well, the autogenerated code in routes.rb), it knows what `transmissions_path` is.

You can refresh [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) and see a link appear.
Click it, and it will take you to the newly created transmissions page!

## Making the navbar behave properly
Unfortunately, when we click on transmissions, the navbar still indicates that we're on the homepage.
That's because we have `<li class="active">` hardcoded into the layout.
Let's fix that with a helper that can figure out which element to give the active class to.

Open up `app/helpers/application_helper.rb`, and in it (after the `module ApplicationHelper` and before the `end`) add the code
```ruby
  def menu_item(name, path)
    css_class = ''

    if current_page? path
      css_class = 'active'
    end

    "<li class=\"#{css_class}\">#{link_to name, path}</li>".html_safe
  end
```

This will return the html for a `li` with a link in it, and, if it's the current page (thanks rails!) it will give that li the class active.

Let's hook this up by going back to our layout, and calling the helper.
Replace the existing `li`s with
```html
<%= menu_item 'Home', '/' %>
<%= menu_item 'Transmissions admin', transmissions_path %>
```

Refresh the page and try it out!

## Making the index look good
The index page, or what gets linked to from `/transmissions`, looks like garbage.
Let's fix that.
Open up app/views/transmissions/index.html.erb

Give the table the classes table, table-bordered, and table-striped.
You can do that by changing `<table>` to
```html
<table class="table table-bordered table-striped">
```

Let's also make the link to creating a new transmission a button, since that looks nicer.
You can do that by changing `<%= link_to 'New Transmission', new_transmission_path %>` to
```html
<%= link_to 'New Transmission', new_transmission_path, class: 'btn btn-primary' %>
```

It's actually still an `a` element under the hood, but it has the css to make it look like a button.

## Add CSS classes to the form
Click the new transmission button, which will take you to [/transmissions/new](http://localhost:3000/transmissions/new).
This form also doesn't look too great.
Let's spruce it up with some nice CSS classes.
Edit it in app/views/transmissions/_form.html.erb

First, let's style the button.
Change `<%= form.submit %>` to
```html
<%= form.submit nil, class: 'btn btn-primary' %>
```

Next, let's style all the inputs.
Change `<%= form.text_field :altitude, id: :transmission_altitude %>` to
```html
<%= form.text_field :altitude, id: :transmission_altitude, class: 'form-control' %>
```
Also go ahead and add `, class: 'form-control'` to all the other `form.text_field`s you see.

Refresh the page again and check it out!

## Writing our own CSS
It doesn't look bad, but it also looks a little... cramped.
Let's write some css to change that.
Create a new file in app/assets/stylesheets called `form.scss`.
Everything in the stylesheets folder automatically will get sent to the frontend as a css file.

Let's add a little space under each field.
Remember how each field has the class `field`?
That makes it really easy:
```css
.field {
  margin-bottom: 20px;
}
```
`.field` means whatever is within the brackets applies to all elements with the class field, and `margin-bottom: 20px;` gives it a bottom margin of 20px.

Let's also add a little space under the button with
```sass
.actions {
  margin-bottom: 5px;

}
```

And make the button a bit bigger
```sass
.actions {
  margin-bottom: 5px;

  input[type="submit"] {
    font-size: 1.2em;
  }
}
```
This gives a font size of 1.2em, or 120% bigger than normal, to any inputs of type submit that are a child of something with the class actions. 

Feel free to create, edit, and delete transmissions.
When you're ready, move on to [Part 7](rails-07.md)