Dudley needs a way to store transmissions, so let's write the backend.
Luckily, Rails makes this incredibly easy.
Run
```bash
docker-compose run app rails g scaffold Transmission altitude:float latitude:float longitude:float temperature:float
```
- `docker-compose run app` tells it to run the command in the docker instance
- `rails g` tells it to run rails generate
- `scaffold Transmission` tells it to create a new scaffold called Transmission. We'll be covering just what that means in 30 seconds, so sit tight
- `altitude:float latitude:float longitude:float temperature:float` tells it a transmission has four fields (altitude, latitude, longitude, and temperature), all of which are floats (real numbers).

## What's a scaffold?
A scaffold is the collection of all the things you need for a tool that lets you Create, Read, Update, and Delete objects from a database (you may hear this referred to as CRUD).
This includes what is commonly referred to as the MVC architecture:
- A Model, which knows how to read and write to the database. You can see it in `app/models/transmission.rb`
- Views, which are the html files that contain the content of what gets render. Check out the `app/views/transmissions` folder
- A Controller, which processes the requests that come in. See `app/controllers/transmissions_controller.rb` 

`rails g scaffold` also handles a little extra bookkeeping for you: making the routes, generating javascripts and stylesheets, writing the database migration.

## Migrating the database
Go to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000), and you'll see a `ActiveRecord::PendingMigrationError`.
That's because it knows you need to run the update on the database, which you can do by running
```bash
docker-compose run app rails db:migrate
```
This makes the changes in the database so that it knows how to store transmissions.

## Cleaning up autogenerated files
Generating the scaffold created a number of files that will just get in the way.
Let's delete them.
Remove:
- `app/assets/stylesheets/scaffolds.scss`
- `app/assets/stylesheets/transmissions.scss`
- `app/assets/javascripts/transmissions.coffee`
- `app/assets/javascripts/static.coffee`

Now, on to the [part 6](rails-06.md)